[8.x] Explain timezones for custom datetime format (#7102)
laravel/docs: eloquent-mutators.md

        'created_at' => 'datetime:Y-m-d',
    ];

> > {note} It's important to note that when using a custom date format using the `date` or `datetime` cast that the `app.timezone` will be applied.

Reviewer: Not sure we have to insist on that point but, in ISO-8601 strings, only the timezone offset of the date will appear without keeping the whole (`app.timezone`) information in the string.

It's correct regarding the datetime but it means guessing what was the exact timezone from it accurately is not possible (multiple timezone names can result into the same offset, and a named timezone can have multiple possible offsets due to DST).

> > {note} It's important to note that when using a custom date format using the `date` or `datetime` cast that the time will not be converted to UTC when the date is serialized.

Reviewer: Nope, it's the contrary:
- With a custom format: app.timezone is applied
- Without a custom format: UTC is enforced as per ISO-8601 norm (as it's the format used by default for JSON and maximizing interoperability)

Author: @kylekatarnls I don't think that's true. Taylor and I both verified that `datetime` cast with a custom format ignores the UTC conversion. That's the real explanation.

Reviewer: Sorry, but this technical explanation is helpless for the reader. It does not tell anything about the concrete results and difference you'll get.

Reviewer: Some first other topic to document would be how Laravel creates date objects from DB datetime strings and what timezone it picks to read those strings (e.g. `config('app.timezone')`).

Then for the custom date format, I think both scenario should be mentioned (with sentence that does not use negation), so the reader is not left into the doubt about *what happen in the other cases*:
```suggestion
> {note} It's important to note that `date` or `datetime` properties are output by default as UTC ISO-8601 string, then as soon as a custom date format is used, UTC will no longer be enforced, so inner timezone of the `Carbon` instance applies (refer to [How DB datetime fields are converted to Carbon instances section])
```
